I need you to help me understand something that is preaching last Sunday
to see young lady in that I can help you
you told us that god does not want anyone to grow
however it is evident that many have spent an eternity without Christ
means this that God can not get what he wants
God does not force anyone to come to Christ
he decided to give men the freedom to choose depends on man
make good use of the sacrifice of Jesus Christ
then salvation regardless of the presence of
God
I'm the one who decides if you see something year
they have told us the mercy of God
my faith in the scriptures
it does not depend on who wants it level that runs but of god who has
mercy
she just told me that it depends on the man
as he told us on Sunday it depends on god pair of men
of both andy
god does his part ii the man must do his
so then
salvation does not depend on god but on man
if it is necessary that the Britons their part so that the part they visited
what does that mean that without the man's part the criteria do not
it's no use
God made 99 percent
we must put the 1 percent that is missing so that we can be saved
that means that if the percent condominates
what Christ made all that sacrifice that speaks the scriptures was in vain
and it's no use salvation is man's then
sandino you understand
Salvation depends on them
if only you could listen to yourself
what he is saying is a complete contradiction if Christ died for me
for me to be saved more however I must make the decision to accept it
so that it can be saved then that salvation is in my hands in in the
God's hands that means that salvation depends on the angels
God gives us a free will for what we choose between good and evil
God does not obligate anyone only those who want to make good use of their free
will be saved
but pastor
Jesus told him that the man who fishes that is the key to sin
how can a person be clarified the time
sandy I must go home already
I need to count on some brothers for the arrangements of the
vangelis campaign you dwell next week you know remember to pray for
that God speaks the hearts of the people who will be there
but pastor
to break God to open hearts if you say it does not depend
of the most if the men's
that such facts
by williams